Seoul Bike Data

Article 1: [1] Sathishkumar V E, Jangwoo Park, and Yongyun Cho. 'Using data mining techniques for bike sharing demand prediction in 
metropolitan city.' Computer Communications, Vol.153, pp.353-366, March, 2020

For this article in particular, five statistical regression models were trained with the best parameters using repeated cross-
validation. For the sake of this project, we will focus primarily on the regression models of linear regression and boosted/decision 
trees. For Linear regression, the most linearly fitted variable for predicting the dependent variable is ordered and used as a measure 
to calculate the variable importance. The GBM model has the highest predictive outcomes in the test set. The linear regression model 
produces the worst results compared to other models. This shows that the usage count is not linearly related to any of the independent 
variables. Temperature and Hour are considered as the most significant variables for the hourly rental bike count prediction in all 
models except linear regression. Overall, the linear regression model does not allow for full connections between all of the parameters 
described, and provides less for data analysis and commonality detection than the other data methods.

In terms of limitations, there are some factors that may not affect whether or not the user needs to rent a bike. For example, in a 
large city like Seoul, biking might be the sole method of transportation for people whether its going to work or running errands. In 
some cities, bike rental programs are more economically sound than owning and storing a personal bike as it is too much hastle. That 
being said, some users would rent a bike regardless of the weather or season, therefore eliminating these factors as contributions to 
data. Also, distance travelled on bike should be another factor contributing to the number of bike rentals. Determing how far the rentl 
location is from the return location, as well as some sort of mileage tracker, may allow the researchers further insight into how 
impactful bike rentals are in Seoul. Whether rental is for commuting to work, running errands, or personal leisure would certainly play 
a factor in importance of accessible rentals.

Citation information: [1] Sathishkumar V E, Jangwoo Park, and Yongyun Cho. 'Using data mining techniques for bike sharing demand 
prediction in metropolitan city.' Computer Communications, Vol.153, pp.353-366, March, 2020


Article 2:[2] Sathishkumar V E and Yongyun Cho. 'A rule-based model for Seoul Bike sharing demand prediction using weather data' 
European Journal of Remote Sensing, pp. 1-18, Feb, 2020

In order to determine the results of this article, Random forest (RF), classification and regression trees (CART), and K-nearest 
neighbors are the methods used that we will analyze. The model which provides the highest R^2 values and lowest RMSE, MAE and CV will 
be determined as the best one. KNN has the worst performance compared to other prediction models. Since RF is an combination of 
multiple CART, the performance of RF is higher than CART. This proves that ensemble strategies applied on RF model makes it so it will 
ultimately perform better than CART. Hour and Temperature are the most influential variable for the Seoul Bike data, since these 
variables are ranked among top five most influential variables by all the predictive models developed. The researchers determined that 
this system of modeling can be further applied to individual districts, in order to extract more data.

In regards to limitations, the researchers determined that KNN was the worst model predicted and it did not provide much contribution 
to the analysis of the data results. However, the shortcomings of the results provided by KNN were counteracted by the use of other 
models. Similarly to the previous article, adding more features for analysis would provide a wider array of results to draw a 
conclusion from. This includes miles traveled, distance of return destination from rental destination, how many rentals does one user 
participate in per year, etc. All of these factors can reveal more information on the prevelance and importance of bike sharing, which 
would hopefully enact some of these resources to other cities all over.

Citation information: [2] Sathishkumar V E and Yongyun Cho. 'A rule-based model for Seoul Bike sharing demand prediction using weather data' European Journal of Remote Sensing, pp. 1-18, Feb, 2020
